Sample: Tweet on upcoming and recently released movies (#63)
ballerina-guides/ai-samples: tweet_on_upcoming_and_recently_released_movies_using_azure_openai/README.md

# Tweet on upcoming and recently released movies using Azure OpenAI

## Use Case

> Obtaines information on few upcoming and recently released movies from [TMDB](https://www.themoviedb.org/), generates a creative tweet using Azure OpenAI GPT3 models, and tweets it out.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Obtain information on a few upcoming and recently released movies from [TMDB](https://www.themoviedb.org/), generate a creative tweet using Azure OpenAI GPT3 models, and tweet it out.  
```

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/ballerina-guides/ai-samples/pull/63/commits/f7ce252feadcc1c2f7f19f7b18a3f078cbe22927.

## Prerequisites
* Azure OpenAI service
* TMDB account
* Twitter developer account

## Setting up Azure OpenAI service
1. Follow the instructions given in [Azure Documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/openai/how-to/create-resource?pivots=web-portal) to create an Azure OpenAI resource and deploy a text completion model.
2. In the Azure Portal, go to **Keys and Endpoint** in the **Resource Management** section of the resource and obtain the service URL (**Endpoint**) and API key (either **KEY1** or **KEY2**).
3. Go to **Deployments** in the **Resource Management** section and obtain the name of the text completion model which was deployed in step 1.

> ## Setting up TMDB account

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/ballerina-guides/ai-samples/pull/63/commits/f7ce252feadcc1c2f7f19f7b18a3f078cbe22927.

1. Sign up and log into [TMDB](https://www.themoviedb.org/login).

> 2. Click `Settings` and then click `API` tab in the left side bar.

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/ballerina-guides/ai-samples/pull/63/commits/f7ce252feadcc1c2f7f19f7b18a3f078cbe22927.

3. Click `Create` or `click here` on the API page to obtain the API Key.

## Creating a Twitter developer account
Follow the instruction at https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/twitter-api/getting-started/getting-access-to-the-twitter-api to create an account and obtain the required credentials.

## Configuration
Create a file called `Config.toml` at the root of the project.

### Config.toml
```
moviedbApiKey = "<TMDB_API_KEY>
openAIToken = "<AZURE_OPENAI_API_KEY>"
serviceUrl = "<AZURE_OPENAI_ENDPOINT>"
deploymentId = "<AZURE_MODEL_DEPLOYMENT_NAME>"

> twitterApiKey = "<TWITTER_API_KEY>"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[twitterConfig]
twitterApiKey = "<TWITTER_API_KEY>"
```
Need the above change due to comment https://github.com/ballerina-guides/ai-samples/pull/63/files#r1157568177

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/ballerina-guides/ai-samples/pull/63/commits/51d5361f5867dd852237e579e3c1e9938ebaf8ae.
